README.md, before:

# Hello Website (blank)

This is a basic static HTML starter project you can build on however you like. No need to save. While you develop your site, your changes will happen 🪄 immediately in the preview window. You can upload assets like images or audio in `assets` to the left. The rest is up to you and your imagination.

## What's in this project?

← `README.md`: That's this file, where you can tell people what your cool website does and how you built it.

← `index.html`: This is the main HTML page for your site.

← `style.css`: CSS files add styling rules to your content.

← `script.js`: If you're feeling fancy you can add interactivity to your site with JavaScript.

![Glitch](https://cdn.glitch.com/a9975ea6-8949-4bab-addb-8a95021dc2da%2FLogo_Color.svg?v=1602781328576)

## You built this with Glitch!

[Glitch](https://glitch.com) is a friendly community where millions of people come together to build web apps and websites.

- Need more help? [Check out our Help Center](https://help.glitch.com/) for answers to any common questions.
- Ready to make it official? [Become a paid Glitch member](https://glitch.com/pricing) to boost your app with private sharing, more storage and memory, domains and more.

Commit message:

🚂👨 Checkpoint ./index.html:48159690/751 ./sketch.js:48159690/1348 ./.eslintrc.json:48159690/125 ./README.md:48159690/594

README.md, after:

# Hello p5.js!

This is a starter template to create new sketches with p5.js.

## What's in this project?

← `README.md`: That's this file, where you can tell people what your cool website does and how you built it.

← `index.html`: This is the main HTML page for your site.

← `style.css`: CSS files add styling rules to your content.

← `script.js`: If you're feeling fancy you can add interactivity to your site with JavaScript.

← `.eslintrc.json`: This one is weird! 

![Glitch](https://cdn.glitch.com/a9975ea6-8949-4bab-addb-8a95021dc2da%2FLogo_Color.svg?v=1602781328576)

## You built this with Glitch!

[Glitch](https://glitch.com) is a friendly community where millions of people come together to build web apps and websites.

- Need more help? [Check out our Help Center](https://help.glitch.com/) for answers to any common questions.
- Ready to make it official? [Become a paid Glitch member](https://glitch.com/pricing) to boost your app with private sharing, more storage and memory, domains and more.
